[guides] update site/en/guides/build/features/child-supervision.md (#15)
openthread/ot-docs: site/en/guides/build/features/child-supervision.md

#endif
```

### By option

> Alternatively, use the `OT_CHILD_SUPERVISION=ON` option when [building

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, use the `-DOT_CHILD_SUPERVISION=ON` when [building
```
